h1. P&T Switch: Checkbox Toggle

This fieldtype uses "Pixel & Tonic's P&T Switch":http://pixelandtonic.com/divebar fieldtype as a base and extends it to allow the same UI for toggling a given checkbox in a Publish/Edit form. You just need to know the input name of the checkbox and setup the field settings accordingly.

*Purpose*

I built this so we could use the P&T Switch UI on the "Allow Comments" field and "Entry is Sticky" field in publish forms. The goal was a more consistent UI for the content managers.


h2. Compatibility

Only tested on EE 2.2.2 with P&T Switch 1.0.4


h2. Installation

* Move the @pt_switch_checkbox_toggle@ folder into your @expressionengine/third_party@ folder
* Go to Fieldtypes &rarr; P&T Switch: Checkbox Toggle &rarr; Install


h2. Setup

Create a new custom field and select the P&T Switch: Checkbox Toggle fieldtype. Visually this will be no different from the standard P&T Switch fieldtype on the Publish/Edit form.

In your fieldtype settings be sure to enter the name of the checkbox input. An example would be @allow_comments@ to use the P&T Switch UI for ExpressionEngine's native "Allow Comments" form checkbox.


h2. What it does

This fieldtype allows you to define which input to select. It hides that input's label on the Publish/Edit page and using javascript to update the input's "checked" attribute when the P&T Switch UI is used. It also runs a small check to see if it's in the correct state.

Technically you end up with 2 fields containing similar data. In the example above, you will have a custom field with a value of 'y' along with EE's native @allow_comments@ field set to @TRUE@.